Improve interpolation docs (#50)
PTsolvers/Chmy.jl: docs/src/concepts/grid_operators.md

## Interpolation

> Interpolating physical parameters such as permeability and density between various grid locations is frequently necessary on a staggered grid. Chmy.jl provides an interface `itp` which interpolates the field `f` from its current location to the specified location(s) `to` using the given interpolation rule `r`. The indices specify the position within the grid at location(s) `to`:

Reviewer: Interpolation is needed not only for physical parameters, I suggest not using domain-specific language in the docs. Also, interpolation is not limited to staggered grids. Location of the field should be singular, otherwise it is unclear whether the field can have multiple locations.

```suggestion
Chmy.jl provides an interface `itp` which interpolates the field `f` from its location to the specified location `to` using the given interpolation rule `r`. The indices specify the position within the grid at location `to`:
```

```julia
itp(f, to, r, grid, I...)
```

> Available interpolation rules consist of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently implemented interpolation rules are:
```

- `Linear()` which implements `rule(t, v0, v1) = v0 + t * (v1 - v0)`;
- `HarmonicLinear()` which implements `rule(t, v0, v1) = 1/(1/v0 + t * (1/v1 - 1/v0))`.

Both rules are exposed as convenience wrapper functions `lerp` and `hlerp`, using `Linear()` and `HarmonicLinear()` rules, respectively:

```julia
lerp(f, to, grid, I...)  # implements itp(f, to, Linear(), grid, I...)
hlerp(f, to, grid, I...) # implements itp(f, to, HarmonicLinear(), grid, I...)
```

> In the following example, we specify to use the linear interpolation rule `lerp` when interpolating nodal values of the density field `ρ`, defined on pressure nodes with location `(Center(), Center())` to `ρvx` and `ρvy`, defined on Vx and Vy nodes, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, we use the linear interpolation `lerp` when interpolating nodal values of the density field `ρ`, defined on cell centres, i.e. having the location `(Center(), Center())` to `ρx` and `ρy`, defined on grid cell interfaces in the x- and y- direction, respectively.
```

Author: LGTM - maybe we can be consistent with either `grid cell` or `cell`:

```suggestion
In the following example, we use the linear interpolation wrapper `lerp` when interpolating nodal values of the density field `ρ`, defined on cell centres, i.e. having the location `(Center(), Center())` to `ρx` and `ρy`, defined on cell interfaces in the x- and y- direction, respectively.
```
